README.md, before:



#  Pizzalicious – Custom Pizza & Drink Ordering System

###   Capstone Project – Bethlehem Gebremedhen


                📌 Overview

Pizzalicious is a fully interactive console-based application that allows user to build custom pizzas,
select drinks, enter customer information, and complete a checkout with sutotal, tax, and delivery fee calculations.
The application follows Object-Oriented Programing(OOP) Principles, using


➡️Classes & Objects
➡️Encapsulation (private fields, getters/setters)
➡️ArrayLists
➡️Methods (static & instance)
➡️Switch statements
➡️Loops
➡️Input validation & error handling

**This project was developed as part of the Java Capstone Assessment.**


                   🧱 Project Features

1️⃣1️.👥 **Customer Information**
**Collects**

**Customer name**
☎️ Phone number
🚚/🏠 Delivery or pickup
📍 Delivery address (if applicable)

2️⃣ Build Customized Pizzas
Users can choose:

Size (Small, Medium, Large)
Crust type
Multiple toppings
Automatic price calculation

3️. 🥤Add Drinks
Users choose:

Drink flavor
Drink size
Price included in checkout

4️⃣ **Checkout Summary**
Displays:

➡️Customer info
➡️Pizza summary
➡️Drinks summary
➡️Subtotal
➡️Tax (8.25%)
➡️Delivery fee (if applicable)
➡️Final total


5️⃣ Clear Order (Bonus Feature)
After checkout, the program asks:

“Would you like to clear the order and start again? (Y/N)”
If the user selects Y:
➡️All pizzas and drinks message are cleared
➡️A conformation message is show
➡️User return to the main menue


**project Structure** 

src
    com.pizzalicious
        MainApp.java
        Order.java
        Pizza.java
        Drink.java
        Topping.java
        Customer.java


**How to Run**
➡️ Clone the repository
➡️ run main.App.java class
➡️ follow on-screen menu instruction


Example Menue option 1- Add drink
                     2- Checkout
                     3- Add a Pizza
                     4- Exit
👩‍💻 **Author**
Bethlehem Gebremedhen
Java Application Development
Year Up/Pluralsight Program

Commit message:

Update README with console output example
Added console output example and updated menu options.

README.md, after:



#  Pizzalicious – Custom Pizza & Drink Ordering System

###   Capstone Project – Bethlehem Gebremedhen


                📌 Overview

Pizzalicious is a fully interactive console-based application that allows user to build custom pizzas,
select drinks, enter customer information, and complete a checkout with sutotal, tax, and delivery fee calculations.
The application follows Object-Oriented Programing(OOP) Principles, using


➡️Classes & Objects
➡️Encapsulation (private fields, getters/setters)
➡️ArrayLists
➡️Methods (static & instance)
➡️Switch statements
➡️Loops
➡️Input validation & error handling

**This project was developed as part of the Java Capstone Assessment.**


                   🧱 Project Features

1️⃣1️.👥 **Customer Information**
**Collects**

**Customer name**
☎️ Phone number
🚚/🏠 Delivery or pickup
📍 Delivery address (if applicable)

2️⃣ Build Customized Pizzas
Users can choose:

Size (Small, Medium, Large)
Crust type
Multiple toppings
Automatic price calculation

3️. 🥤Add Drinks
Users choose:

Drink flavor
Drink size
Price included in checkout

4️⃣ **Checkout Summary**
Displays:

➡️Customer info
➡️Pizza summary
➡️Drinks summary
➡️Subtotal
➡️Tax (8.25%)
➡️Delivery fee (if applicable)
➡️Final total


5️⃣ Clear Order (Bonus Feature)
After checkout, the program asks:

“Would you like to clear the order and start again? (Y/N)”
If the user selects Y:
➡️All pizzas and drinks message are cleared
➡️A conformation message is show
➡️User return to the main menue


**project Structure** 

src
    com.pizzalicious
        MainApp.java
        Order.java
        Pizza.java
        Drink.java
        Topping.java
        Customer.java


**How to Run**
➡️ Clone the repository
➡️ run main.App.java class
➡️ follow on-screen menu instruction


Example of how look when we run it 
## Console Output Example

![Console Output](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sw9084/capstone-2/refs/heads/main/console-output.png)

👩‍💻 **Author**
Bethlehem Gebremedhen
Java Application Development
Year Up/Pluralsight Program
